AI_GENERATOR_ENV.md, before:

# Temply AI - Environment Configuration

This document describes the environment variables and configuration for **Temply AI**, the intelligent section generator.

## Environment Variables

Add these to your `.env` file:

```bash
# OpenAI Configuration
OPENAI_API_KEY=your-openai-api-key-here
OPENAI_MODEL=gpt-4o-mini
OPENAI_TEMPERATURE=0.7
OPENAI_MAX_TOKENS=2000
```

## Model Options

- **gpt-4o-mini** (recommended for text-only, cost-effective)
- **gpt-4o** (automatically used when images are attached, more powerful)
- **gpt-4-turbo** (fast and powerful)
- **gpt-3.5-turbo** (cheapest, less powerful)

## Base Prompt Configuration

Temply AI uses a comprehensive base prompt that:
- Identifies the assistant as "Temply AI"
- Provides clear instructions for generating Shopify sections
- Emphasizes modern design aesthetics and best practices
- Defines security boundaries and database access restrictions

The base prompt is automatically included with every request and can be customized in `app/lib/llm.server.ts`.

## Database Security

🔒 **Security Boundaries**:
- Temply AI **ONLY** has access to the `AISection` table
- Cannot read or write to Session, SocialProofSection, AppSettings, Template, Subscription, or Section tables
- All generated sections are scoped to the current shop
- This restriction is enforced through:
  1. System prompt instructions
  2. API route implementation (limited to AISection operations)
  3. Database schema permissions

## File Upload Support

Temply AI supports image attachments to provide visual reference:
- **Supported formats**: PNG, JPG, GIF, WebP, and other image formats
- **Maximum file size**: 5MB per image
- **Storage**: Files are converted to base64 data URLs and sent directly to OpenAI Vision API
- **Privacy**: Images are not permanently stored, only included in the API request
- **Model**: When images are attached, automatically switches to `gpt-4o` for vision capabilities

### Usage
1. Click the attachment icon (📎) in the chat input
2. Select an image file
3. Add optional text description
4. Send the message

The AI will analyze the image and generate sections based on visual reference.

Commit message:

feat: migrate from OpenAI to X.AI (Grok 4.1)
- Replace OpenAI SDK with X.AI API (OpenAI SDK compatible)
- Configure X.AI base URL: https://api.x.ai/v1
- Update models: grok-beta (text) and grok-vision-beta (images)
- Rename all env vars: OPENAI_* -> XAI_*
- Update documentation in AI_GENERATOR_ENV.md
- Maintain AISection-only database access restriction

AI_GENERATOR_ENV.md, after:

# Temply AI - Environment Configuration

This document describes the environment variables and configuration for **Temply AI**, the intelligent section generator powered by **X.AI Grok**.

## Environment Variables

Add these to your `.env` file:

```bash
# X.AI Configuration
XAI_API_KEY=your-xai-api-key-here
XAI_MODEL=grok-beta
XAI_TEMPERATURE=0.7
XAI_MAX_TOKENS=2000
```

## Model Options

- **grok-beta** (recommended for text-only, powerful and cost-effective)
- **grok-vision-beta** (automatically used when images are attached, supports vision capabilities)

## Base Prompt Configuration

Temply AI uses a comprehensive base prompt that:
- Identifies the assistant as "Temply AI"
- Provides clear instructions for generating Shopify sections
- Emphasizes modern design aesthetics and best practices
- Defines security boundaries and database access restrictions

The base prompt is automatically included with every request and can be customized in `app/lib/llm.server.ts` (lines 8-64, variable `SYSTEM_PROMPT`).

## Database Security

🔒 **Security Boundaries**:
- Temply AI **ONLY** has access to the `AISection` table
- Cannot read or write to Session, SocialProofSection, AppSettings, Template, Subscription, or Section tables
- All generated sections are scoped to the current shop
- This restriction is enforced through:
  1. System prompt instructions
  2. API route implementation (limited to AISection operations)
  3. Database schema permissions

## File Upload Support

Temply AI supports image attachments to provide visual reference:
- **Supported formats**: PNG, JPG, GIF, WebP, and other image formats
- **Maximum file size**: 5MB per image
- **Storage**: Files are converted to base64 data URLs and sent directly to X.AI Grok Vision API
- **Privacy**: Images are not permanently stored, only included in the API request
- **Model**: When images are attached, automatically switches to `grok-vision-beta` for vision capabilities

### Usage
1. Click the attachment icon (📎) in the chat input
2. Select an image file
3. Add optional text description
4. Send the message

The AI will analyze the image and generate sections based on visual reference.

## API Configuration

- **Base URL**: `https://api.x.ai/v1`
- **SDK**: Uses OpenAI SDK (fully compatible with X.AI)
- **API Key**: Get your key from https://console.x.ai
